hello what is up everybody this is
Trinity kid and we're back with the next
prediction match for the upcoming
pay-per-view SummerSlam and this is
basically the All Stars version of my WB
12 prediction match which was the WB
championship match as you see here we
have the challengers John Cena and The
Big Show all going for CM Punk's
championship now in the last one I use
CM Punk in this one I'm going to be
using you see you know it John Cena but
can't believe you do that
I heard super seen them EBI EBI shoe n
Cena gets so much shit I swear to God I
swear to God
killed my goldfish
I got no hate towards any wrestler
expect Cena respect see him pump all
these sumbitches respect all even
colleague not one slugger
I hate I hate who and sloppy I don't
even know why he's still employed yeah
yeah fire Chris Masters and Harry Smith
and who else in the hereafter they kick
out Molina left somehow but you know
some decent wrestlers man but keep
Hornswoggle no no keep Hornswoggle
yes cuz Hornswoggle is good for business
the cruiserweight championship died with
Hornswoggle anyway
we are listening to CM Punk's old theme
song fire burns turn this up a bit
there's not like WB 12 where music gets
really loud in this game my goodness
it's not even the whole damn screen but
you know what I'm gonna turn it just a
bit okay just a bit
yes I'm using the camera yeah actually
got a question is this HD PVR No
mm-hmm but anyway let's get to the match
main let's get to the match man I
thought friggin loading screens w12
there's much thank you looking through
the camera perfect all right good and
they instantly go after me all right I
got to remember how to do this
going after Big Show son of a bitch
you know what honking come on man
what is going down but first how do you
know however I stopped doing me
front-end super punch hole
there you go
damn money reversed on time at all
just mad cause you got super punch
that's alright
and you see this double-team bullshit
now now y'all fight each other
who
DDT that was meant to see him Punk but
out okay
you can get off me
getting in the ring
get my asking and ring it's a day
I'll say all set all set up
the super punch
no no no no friggin shitty you can match
it that's cool that's cool that's cool a
high school
oh my gosh
all that
now screw you buddy nah come on son of a
bitch
going out there leg drop hold on
No
party pooper
please all right
so the black
damnit to hell
spin out powerbomb denied
some vision
somebody missing
Oh Oh and there's no stopping it
there you go that's really gonna piss
off the steampunk
oh damn
the heat and CM Punk fans gonna be
pissed
especially John Cena betta oh shit it's
all in good fun man
it's totally good fun I don't defense my
technique was alright offense was out of
this world man
Big Show got his ass whipped cuz he
didn't do shit CM Punk his defense was
alright when he got attitude adjusted i
justed his attitude it's all the therapy
you need but anyway that's that
love this game is nuts man but I love
playing this game so hard I I guess it's
because I iced parsley plate it's rarely
rarely played so when I do play it it's
it's it's the bee's knees but um but
that's that again just like I said in
the other video let me know who you
think is gonna win I know I beat CM Punk
here to see him punk fans to come back
and say you know what CM Punk is gonna
win or if you see this video on the day
of SummerSlam and you just want to see
somebody else's simulation and see me CM
Punk did win then you can just say Oh CM
Punk won there you go but Cena wins you
know who predicted what's up modern
sniper it's 1,000 I'm just give a shout
out for anybody who signs in it
disappoint me well that's it hope you
guys remember to come rate please do
subscribe this has been a trinny kid
coming back to you i think i can't
remember what the next review is I think
it's Night of Champions I don't know if
I'll be able to cover it
know what's in September that's not it
yes night I'm thinking Night of
Champions is in November for some reason
I don't recover it College schedules are
very fierce so I will see what happens
but anyway check you guys later
then Trini kid peace out